# Readings: HTML Links, JS Functions, and Intro to CSS Layout

## Reading

## Learn HTML

## Creating Hyperlinks

1. To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element?
    * <a>

2. The href attribute contains what information?
    * URL

3. What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers?
    * Descriptive Text
    * Title Attributes
    * Visual Indication
    * Keyboard Accessibility
    * Avoid Link Ambiguity
    * Test with Screen Readers

## CSS Layout

## CSS Layout: Normal Flow CSS Layout: Positioning

1. What is meant by “normal flow”?
    * elements are displayed one after another vertically

2. What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements?
    * Display Behavior
    * Width and Height
    * Box Model
    * Nesting Behavior
    * Default Display

3. ___ positioning is the default for every html element.
    * Static

4. Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element.
    * Precise PLacement
    * Overlapping Elements
    * Independent Flow
    * Z-index Control
    * Responsive Designs

5. What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning?
    * A key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning lies in how they are positioned relative to their containing elements.


## Learn JS

## Functions – Reusable Blocks of Code

1. Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation.
    * A function declaration defines a new function, while a function invocation calls or executes a function.

2. What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?
    * A parameter is a variable listed in the function declaration, while an argument is the actual value passed to the function when it is invoked.

## Miscellaneous

1. Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.
    * Code Quality, Readability

## Things i want to know more about. 