# Readings: HTML Lists, Control Flow with JS, and the CSS Box Model

## Reading
## Learn HTML

1. When should you use an unordered list in your HTML document?
    * a collection of items that don't have a specific order or sequence.

2. How do you change the bullet style of unordered list items?
    * type attribute

3. When should you use an ordered list vs an unordered list in your HTML document?
    * when sequential order matters, no specific order

4. Describe two ways you can change the numbers on list items provided by an ordered list?
    * start attribute or css


## Learn CSS

1. Describe the CSS properties of margin and padding as characters in a story. What is their role in a story titled: “The Box Model”?
    * In the captivating story of "The Box Model," two characters named Margin and Padding played crucial roles.

    Margin, the protective guardian, defined the space around elements, ensuring they had breathing room and prevented collisions.

    Padding, the nurturing character, provided a cozy space inside elements, safeguarding content from the edges and allowing it to shine.

    Together, Margin and Padding formed the Box Model, maintaining structure and aesthetics, bringing harmony to the web's canvas.

    In this story, Margin and Padding were the unsung heroes, creating balance and ensuring elements lived harmoniously.

2. List and describe the four parts of an HTML elements box as referred to by the box model.
    * content, padding, border, margin


## Learn JS

1. What data types can you store inside of an Array?
    * Numbers, strings, booleans, objects, arrays, null, undefined and functions

2. Is the people array a valid JavaScript array? If so, how can I access the values stored? If not, why?
    * indexing, for smith would be people[1][0]


 const people = [['pete', 32, 'librarian', null], ['Smith', 40, 'accountant', 'fishing:hiking:rock_climbing'], ['bill', null, 'artist', null]];

3. List five shorthand operators for assignment in javascript and describe what they do.
    * += addition
    * -= subtraction
    * *= multiplication
    * /= division
    * %= modulus

4. Read the code below and evaluate the last expression and explain what the result would be and why.
    * 10dog
    * 10 + false = 0
    * 0 + 10 = 10
    * 10 + dog = 10dog


 let a = 10;
 let b = 'dog';
 let c = false;

 // evaluate this
 (a + c) + b;
5. Describe a real world example of when a conditional statement should be used in a JavaScript program.
    * a simple username and passwird match database

6. Give an example of when a Loop is useful in JavaScript.
    * when you need to perform repetitive tasks or iterate over a collection of items.
