# Readings: Basics of HTML, CSS & JS


## HTML Text Fundamentals. HTML Advanced Text Formatting.

1. Why is it important to use semantic elements in our HTML?
    * Improved Accessbility, Better search engine optimization, future proofing, code maintenance and readability, consictency and standardization and enhanced user exp..

2. How many levels of headings are there in HTML?
    * 6

3. What are some uses for the <sup> and <sub> elements?
    * Footnotes and References: Superscript numbers or letters are often used to indicate footnotes or references within a document.
    * Mathematical Notations: Subscripts can be used to indicate indices, such as in chemical equations or mathematical expressions.

4. When using the <abbr> element, what attribute must be added to provide the full expansion of the term?
    * 'title'


## Learn CSS

1. What are ways we can apply CSS to our HTML?
    * inline, internal, external, css selectors

2. Why should we avoid using inline styles?
    *  maintainability, readability, reusaebility

3. Review the block of code below and answer the following questions:
    What is representing the selector?
    * header 2
    Which components are the CSS declarations?
    * color of text and padding around
    Which components are considered properties?
    * color, padding
   
   h2 {
     color: black;
     padding: 5px;
   }

## Learn JS

1. What data type is a sequence of text enclosed in single quote marks?
    * string

2. List 4 types of JavaScript operators.
    * Arithimtic, comparison, logical and assignment

3. Describe a real world Problem you could solve with a Function.
    * total cost of a shopping cart with discounts.

## Making Decisions In Your Code - Conditionals

1. An if statement checks a __ and if it evaluates to ___, then the code   block will execute.
    * condition
    * true

2. What is the use of an else if?
    * to add additional conditions to an if statement

3. List 3 different types of comparison operators.
    * equality, relational, inequality

4. What is the difference between the logical operator && and ||?
    * && is typically used when you need to ensure that multiple conditions are true. || is used when you need at least one of multiple conditions to be true.

## Things I want to know more about