## Readings

[React Docs - lists and keys](https://reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html)
1. What does .map() return?
> a new array

1. If I want to loop through an array and display each value in JSX, how do I do that in React?
> we can use the .map() method

1. Each list item needs a unique ____.
> key

1. What is the purpose of a key?
> it let's react know which elements it can safely refresh

[The Spread Operator](https://medium.com/coding-at-dawn/how-to-use-the-spread-operator-in-javascript-b9e4a8b06fab)
1. What is the spread operator?
> `...`, it expands an iterable array

1. List 4 things that the spread operator can do.
> 1. a copy of an array/onject
> 1. concatenate arrays or objects
> 1. spread elements of an array/object in another arr/obj
> 1. pass elements of an arr/obj as args to a function

1. Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two arrays.
```javascript
const array1 = [1, 2, 3];
const array2 = [4, 5, 6];
const combinedArray = [...array1, ...array2];
console.log(combinedArray); // Output: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]
```

1. Give an example of using the spread operator to add a new item to an array.
```javascript 
const array = [1, 2, 3];
const newItem = 4;
const newArray = [...array, newItem];
console.log(newArray); // Output: [1, 2, 3, 4]
```

1. Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two objects into one.
```javascript 
const object1 = { name: 'John', age: 30 };
const object2 = { city: 'New York', country: 'USA' };
const combinedObject = { ...object1, ...object2 };
console.log(combinedObject); // Output: { name: 'John', age: 30, city: 'New York', country: 'USA' }
```

[How to Pass Functions Between Components](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c05OL7XbwXU)
1. In the video, what is the first step that the developer does to pass functions between components?
> make sure that he's operating at the top level

1. In your own words, what does the increment function do?
> it takes in an object, and iterates a count value

1. How can you pass a method from a parent component into a child component?
> pass it like you'd pass the other props. 

1. How does the child component invoke a method that was passed to it from a parent component?
> in the video he passes `{this.increment}`, and then it's called from the child component as `{this.props.increment()}`.


## Things I want to learn more about