## Notes
- What's allowed in JSX:
  - Expressions, not statemements
  - Expression: tell me about the data you have (true?'yes':'no';)
  - Statement: let me tell you about something (let x=0;)

## Readings

[React Docs - Thinking in React](https://react.dev/learn/thinking-in-react)
1. What is the `single responsibility principle` and how does it apply to components?
> A component should be responsible for one thing

2. What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?
> Build something without any interactivity. Build a website takes lots of typing, no thinking; whereas interactivity requires lots of thinking and little typing

3. Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?
> we must find the minimal but complete representation of UI state

4. What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?
> 1. Does it remain unchanged over time? If so, it isn’t state.
> 2. Is it passed in from a parent via props? If so, it isn’t state.
> 3. Can you compute it based on existing state or props in your component? If so, it definitely isn’t state!

5. How can you identify where state needs to live?
> 
> For each piece of state in your application:
> - Identify every component that renders something based on that state.
> - Find their closest common parent component—a component above them all in the hierarchy.
> - Decide where the state should live:
> - Often, you can put the state directly into their common parent.
> - You can also put the state into some component above their common parent.
> - If you can’t find a component where it makes sense to own the state, create a new component solely for holding the state and add it somewhere in the hierarchy above the common parent component.



[Higher-Order Functions](https://eloquentjavascript.net/05_higher_order.html#h_xxCc98lOBK)
1. What is a “higher-order function”?
> Functions that operate on other functions, either by taking them as arguments or by returning them, are called higher-order functions

2. Explore the `greaterThan` function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?
> it returns a function that takes a single input (m) and it returns true if m > n, otherwise it returns false

3. Explain how either `map` or `reduce` operates, with regards to higher-order functions.
> map calls a function on each element, returning a new array.
> reduce repeatedly applies a function to accumulate a single value.
> Both utilize passed in functions to shape their operation.



## Things I want to learn more about