## Readings


### [React lifecycle](https://medium.com/@joshuablankenshipnola/react-component-lifecycle-events-cb77e670a093)

1. Based off the diagram, what happens first, the `‘render’` or the `‘componentDidMount’`?
> render

2. What is the very first thing to happen in the lifecycle of React?
> constructor functions get called

3. Put the following things in the order that they happen: `componentDidMount`, `render`, `constructor`, `componentWillUnmount`, `React Updates`
> 1. constructor
> 2. render
> 4. componentDidMount
> 3. React Updates
> 5. componentWillUnmount

4. What does `componentDidMount` do?
> It is invoked immediately after a component is mounted. If I need to load anything using a network request or initialize the DOM, it should go here. This method is a good place to set up any subscriptions. If I do that, don’t forget to unsubscribe in componentWillUnmount().

### [React State Vs Props](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYvD9oBCuJI&ab_channel=WebDevSimplified)

1. What types of things can you pass in the props?
> 

2. What is the big difference between props and state?
> props: these are like arguments to a function; it's something handed to a component (e.g. the initial counter value, eg = 0). Any changes must be handled outside of the component
> state: this is something inside of a component (e.g. the current count). When you change the state, it will be re-rendered (doesn't apply to props because nothing can change within props). It's there to be re-rendered when the user has done something.

3. When do we re-render our application?
> whenever a state is changed (typically something that the user has done).

4. What are some examples of things that we could store in state?
> local variables like a counter, 
> if we're manipulating information within a component, then we need to use state.


## Things I want to learn more about
